# BlackJack Project
This Black Jack Project emulates the real life game of Black Jack.
	
# Description
This project uses object oriented programming in order to emulate the game as it is played in person. Through the use of classes, extensions, and enums, everything was able to come together. Through the use of an ArrayList I was able to store the cards in memory. The user is prompted if they would like to play the game of Black Jack. If they type yes, the program will loop into the program, and will automatically exit if any of the winning, or losing conditions are met. If they player decides to type no in the beginning, the program will not enter the loop, and exit automatically as well. If any input that does not match the required input is entered, then the program will too exit at that time, and the user will start over. The fields in the classes are well encapsulated, and will also show the user how many cards are in the player's hand, as well as the dealer. The dealer starts with on card face up and one card facedown, so only one card is revealed from the dealers hand on the opening round. If they player goes over 21, they bust and the dealer wins. If they player's hand value is more than the dealer's, and the total value is less than 21, the player wins. The program follows the normal game logic, as well as other conditions that apply to the game of Black Jack.
# Technologies Used
Java Eclipse
# Lessons Learned
I have gained more experience in dealing with multiple classes. This program really enhances the use of object oriented programming, and demonstrates how code can be put together to reproduce real life scenarios. The concept of this Black Jack game where there is a player, and also a dealer exchanging with each other fulfills the OOP concept.